EPAS 15 new release branch (#2283)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/epas/15/epas_compat_reference/02_the_sql_language/03_functions_and_operators/07_data_type_formatting_functions.mdx

| Function                            | Return type   | Description                                                                                    | Example                                                                                                    | Result                                                |
| ----------------------------------- | ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| `TO_BLOB(raw)`                      | `BLOB`        | Convert a `RAW` value to `BLOB` value.                                                         | `TO_BLOB('abc')`                                                                                           | `\x616263`                                            |

> | `TO_CLOB(string)`                   | `CLOB`        | Convert a `CHAR`, `VARCHAR`, `VARCHAR2`, `NCHAR`, `NVARCHAR2`, or `CLOB` values to `CLOB` values. | `TO_CLOB('aaaa')`                                                                                       | `aaaa`                                                |

Author: done

| `TO_NUMBER(string [, format ])`     | `NUMBER`      | Convert a number formatted string to a `NUMBER` data type                                      | `TO_NUMBER('2,412-', '999,999S')`                                                                          | `-2412`                                               |
| `TO_TIMESTAMP(string, format)`      | `TIMESTAMPTZ` | Convert a timestamp formatted string to a `TIMESTAMPTZ` data type                              | `TO_TIMESTAMP('05 Dec 2000 08:30:25 pm', 'DD Mon YYYY hh12:mi:ss pm')`                                     | `05-DEC-00 20:30:25 +05:30`                           |
| `TO_TIMESTAMP_TZ(string, format)`   | `TIMESTAMPTZ` | Convert a timestamp formatted string to a `TIMESTAMPTZ` data type                              | `TO_TIMESTAMP_TZ ('2003/12/13 10:13:18 -8:00', 'YYYY/MM/DD HH:MI:SS TZH:TZM')`                             | `13-DEC-03 23:43:18 +05:30`                           |

!!! Note

>     The output format of `TO_DSINTERVAL(string)` can be altered using `intervalstyle` GUC setting. For example:

Reviewer: Make active: 
```suggestion
You can alter the output the format of `TO_DSINTERVAL(string)` using the `intervalstyle` GUC setting. For example:
```
